Mr. Luc must pay in advance, please come and choose Bang Dien Thien.
Sure.
Becoming the richest person on the dragon boat is almost here.
Waiting for General Manager Luc to develop.
But don't forget to mention some of you guys first.
Hello.
The eldest lady wears a unique dress.
It's unparalleled beauty.
Great.
Oh, just put it on.
Clothes like this.
My house still has a few hundred feet left.
it's a needle
God, what house is this?
Every day is so surprising.
What's surprising?
He's a delivery farmer.
You're still impersonating me.
Turns out he's a lowly country guy.
You still dare to impersonate me
I really don't know how to die.
Security. Where's the security?
This is the vice president and his wife.
They entered from the front.
Two idiots.
Tang Tang Protector Thien Kim
How could one not know these two lowly people of the vice president?
Or.
It turns out that's it.
Just now we were both kneeling white.
I see who dares